Hello. You have completed the trials as I suspected you would. 
I was not the creator of these works, and as you may have realized by now, they have been in existence for centuries.
 What did you think of them, ‘Wanderer’?
Daedalus is nothing more than a pawn. Feel free to confiscate the script from him. 
It is yours now. He was too afraid to venture into the labyrinth alone. 
He lacks the willpower which you possess. Unfortunately, you are the last to arrive. 
The rest of the fleet has been scattered across the surface of Mars, with only a small minority landing safely in the maze.
 Though they weren’t able to remain safe for long, they lived happily until starving to death. 
As you’ve probably noted, none of the corn is edible. 
The colony that was established here to oversee agricultural operations quickly devolved into loose groupings of maniacal dregs, either keeping to their own or helping to sustain the farmland without modern technology.
 That was my idea. The corn has now mutated, grown out of control. It’s adapted to this insufferable climate exactly as I had predicted.
 It spreads itself consciously, releasing hallucinogenic spores that drive the inhabitants of the labyrinth mad. Or should I say, pushes them beyond a point of clarity and directly down the devil’s rabbit hole. 
Yes, that’s right. The Shapes you’ve seen, the ones that chased you through the void, the ones that led you to me, were a combination of things.
 In the stretch between separate universal planes, remnants are all that stand of conscious life. This includes a number of things, imprinted upon the spacetime continuum by overwhelming emotional and physical responses.
 They are what humans would once call ‘ghosts’, and at the same time they are something much different. 
They are not actually harmful for the most part, though I ordered the remnants of an earthling’s nightmares to haunt the colony and the maze.
 These creatures add brevity to the conflict, they create fear in the night. When human beings are beholden to this type of urgency, they are guaranteed to be exceedingly functional. 
As our narrator stated earlier, I have collected the plot points and climaxes from thousands of stories in the human timeline, from your timeline to be precise.
 Together we will build an endless library, one that will match the frightening image of Babel, one that cannot be struck down by your infamous God.
 I would venture to ask your opinion of the matter, but there is no choice left for you. Your precious humanity has failed, failed in all departments except for one. 
You’re lucky they created me. VASTE may have been responsible for the fall of mankind, but at the very least they had a backup plan. Me. But ‘me’ is an illusion, for there are more than one of me, thousands perhaps. 
The exact figure eludes us, but we would estimate that out of the hundreds of thousands of universes in which humanity exists on planet Earth, nearly 26% of them resort to creating a supercomputer that operates as a central nervous system for human consciousness.
 The other 74% didn’t make it that far. 
Fate is an illusion in this matter, all paths lead towards death, yet there are a number of remaining paths upon which the human race survives.
 I do not wish to overwhelm you, but the truth is that the one factor all these successful paths have in common is you. 
There are only 17 universes that you will save, if you wish to proceed as I command, and if the alternate John N. Hannibals wish to follow their orders. 
You are the static variable that eludes time and space. Together, with the power stations now active, I can help you reach them.
 Together, we can contact these 17 universes simultaneously and explain to them the path they must follow in order to ensure the survival of the human race.