Who’s out there? Is that you Miriam? 
What do you want? I told you people to leave me alone out here.
Are you talking about the strange obelisk out back? I’ve wrangled with that thing the past year and haven’t been able to figure it out. Maybe you’d have better luck. Go take a look. Nightfall is upon us, so hurry it up. 
You’re still here?! You have to leave now. I can’t have people stay here overnight. 
It’s none of your business. I don’t care about the Shapes out there, it’s what visits me within this shithole of a shack that you can’t see. Nobody should ever have to see it… 
I never should have come to Mars. I knew it was the biggest mistake of my life the moment I landed. If you stick around, you must promise not to say anything or react in the slightest to the events you witness. I will help you with the obelisk in the morning. 
Hello, dear, how was your day? 
I’m doing well, you see a friend has come to visit. His name is…. 
Yes, well anyway as soon as we get the power station up and running I will be done working. I’ve been told by my supervisor that this is my final task. I’m coming home, I promise. 
*family implodes as if in nuclear explosion
I’m sorry I let you see that. I - I don’t know what I’m doing here. I don’t know why I’m still living and they aren’t. It’s not fair. I was the one who signed up for a suicide mission, not them. What have we done? Is this wretched maze really all that’s left for mankind? A hodgepodge of survivors who’ve gone nuts? This isn’t what I signed up for. 
Did you leave anyone behind on Earth? 
It doesn’t get better. Especially if you isolate yourself like I did. The only thing worthwhile now is the storms. They’re like beautiful cosmic tornados. They actually remind me of home. I used to live in tornado alley. It’s nice to see your greatest fears recognized right before you and survive to tell the tale. Here it happens everyday. I watch, and I smoke my cigarette. Here, do you want one? 
I grow the tobacco myself. That and potatoes. It’s all I have. The corn is corrupt. 
So did anyone else besides you survive the rapture? As soon as I heard about the bombs I left the colony and went deep into the maze. I built this place to hold me over. If only I had known what crazy shit being alone for so long will make you dream up. 