Mr. Grey:   … Huuuman. It is nice to see a friendly faaace. 
Mr. Grey:   Haaave you ever wondered why you were heeere? It’s strange, the present flashes up over and over, but before we realize it, Being haaas fled. But, something we have learned is that Being can exist in many fooorms, beyond distance and tiiime. Well, not beyond time perhaps, yet within it, infinitely, alwaaays. 
Mr. Grey:   We are Being, you are Beeeing. It is simple. It is a process of Being-in. An inhaaabitance that ends only once it enters the memory, and even then thaaat image warps and reemerges from its own ashes ad infinitum. 
Mr. Grey:   We are all looost in our own way. We all follow a path. What path will you follooow? 
Mr. Grey:   I haaave but four statements of advice for you on your travels...
Mr. Grey:   You should always fight fooor what is right. Do not be tempted by the eeend. It is just as illusory as the beeeginning...
Mr. Grey:   Cows graze for a reeeason. Cows have that same Being-in that many have wrongly defended as huuuman’s unique state. It may not have the ability to reflect on this state, that is true. But that does not meeean it is any less conscious. It means instead that the Being-in solely exiiists in a present state, without tangent or departure. That ‘beeeast’, my friend, is the silent jury of your trial.
Mr. Grey:   The serpent’s taaale winds every which way on its ascent towards the staaars. We have made that journey as well. We have met that deeeity. It is a cycle. You will see once you reeeach the top that in fact there is no top. In order for there to be a tooop, there must be a bottom. And so, the snake revolves, convooorting and convulsing in order to digest itself. 
Mr. Grey:   The heart knows what the flesh and the brain dooo not. The heart, for you, is a synonym for something beyooond the heart. It is a manifestation of your distinct reverberation which puuulsates throughout the universe. It is the reminder of your existence. And, it is this time signature that yearns for anooother. Another Being-in, another inhabitant of Beeeing that cancels out that frequency. You seeek the one with whom you produce silence. It is beautiful...
Mr. Grey:   That is it. You must find me throughout the maze. You must look for me within you...